[doc] Document the requirement of file lock support for enabling results storage (#3457)
reframe-hpc/reframe: docs/manpage.rst

You can disable the report generation by turning off the :attr:`~config.general.generate_file_reports` configuration parameter.
The file report of any session can be retrieved from the database with the :option:`--describe-stored-sessions` option.

.. warning::

    ReFrame uses file locking to coordinate storing of run session data in the database file.
    Enabling the database storage on filesystems that do not support locking (e.g some networked filesystems) might lead to hangs at the end of a run session.

>     In this case, you can either disable the database storage using :attr:`~config.storage.enable` or use a filesystem supporting locking (by setting :attr:`~config.storage.sqlite_db_file` or the :envvar:`RFM_SQLITE_DB_FILE` environment variable) for the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For this reason, you must make sure that the database file is located on a filesystem that supports locking.
    You can set the database location through the :attr:`~config.storage.sqlite_db_file` configuration setting or the :envvar:`RFM_SQLITE_DB_FILE` environment variable.
```
